docs: add protocol viz to Flex manual (#20800)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/flex/docs/opentrons-app/index.md

- [Transferring Protocols](./protocol-transfer.md) explains how to import, analyze, and transfer protocols to your Flex, including options to start runs immediately or save them for later, and how to manage recent run logs.

> - [Protocol Visualization](../protocol-viz.md) describes visualizing protocols in the app to more effectively develop, troubleshoot, and edit your Flex protocols. 

Reviewer: Hey, this note has a circular feel to it. Sort of like saying "a toaster toasts toast."

The organization is good. It follows a "feature name" "definition" and "benefit" structure. I wonder if it could be "feature name" "benefit" ? 

A suggestion: "Protocol Visualization provides a graphical view of a protocol run, helping you more effectively develop and troubleshoot Flex protocols."

Or not. I don't know anything at all about this new feature so... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Author: thanks this is helpful!

> - Use [Protocol Visualization](./protocol-viz.md) to see a graphical view of a protocol in the app, helping you more effectively develop and troubleshoot your Flex protocols. 

Reviewer: Take a look at the "helping you more effectively" text. I wonder if we can slim this down and torque it up? 

```suggestion
- Use [Protocol Visualization](./protocol-viz.md) to to graphically view, develop, and troubleshoot your Flex protocols. 
```
